[grunts]
[gasps]
[grunting]
[panting]
[grunts]
[coughing]
["Black Gold" by Flying Lotus playing]
♪ Brought in a world ♪
♪ World so brand new
Endless possibilities ♪
♪ A whole new identity ♪
♪ Can't you see? ♪
♪ Black gold of the sun ♪
♪ Open up your eyes ♪
♪ Open up your heart ♪
♪ And feel the sunshine ♪
♪ Black diamond ♪
♪ I just want to be ♪
♪ Where I'm supposed to be ♪
♪ And that's right here with you ♪
♪ Don't mistake my kindness for weakness ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm strong, you see ♪
♪ Stronger than you'll ever be ♪
♪ Loyal to me ♪
♪ Someone to call my friend ♪
♪ Whenever you need me ♪
♪ I'll be right here ♪
♪ Love and loyalty ♪
♪ Trust and honesty ♪
♪ I'll never let go ♪
[Nobunaga] Power armor mechs
were the Mongols' advantage.
It's how they conquered
the Japanese settlements
of Tsushima and Iki Islands.
After we defeated them,
we took this technological advancement
for ourselves to strengthen our borders.
-[deep, rhythmic drumbeats]
-The ancestors say knowledge is power.
I respectfully disagree.
Power is power.
[grunting]
[Nobunaga] A simple concept
my son cannot seem to grasp.
Nobukatsu's defeat to Hattori Hanzo
will be told for generations to come.
A mark my legacy cannot afford.
[panting]
[both grunting]
[slow applause]
[man] My lord,
what brings you to the training grounds?
[Nobunaga] Our upcoming
parley with the Iga general.
Yasuke and Natsumaru will accompany you.
If I may, that would be a mistake.
I fear the rest of society
will not accept the… [hesitates]
…liberties you've taken with our culture.
Yasuke has proven to have
a fine military mind in his own right.
As good as you, perhaps even better.
How can we ever progress
when our instinct is to recede?
I want the Iga Clan to see a glimpse
of how bright our country's future can be.
[Mitsuhide scoffs]
My lord, if you continue
to add these outsiders to our ranks,
your enemies will neither fear
nor respect us.
Yasuke is not one of us.
Our people will not accept him.
I will soon represent the people,
and I will usher them into a new world.
[scoffs]
He really does not like me.
Give Mitsuhide time.
Nobunaga puts faith in you
he does not show in others.
That can rub some the wrong way.
[chuckles] And how does it rub you?
Nobunaga believes in the Onna Bugeisha.
So, you and I are alike.
Huh.
It's nothing.
The seal from my family crest,
given to me by my mother
and her mother before her.
It's honorable.
The past informs our future.
It shows who we are.
[birds squawking]
Did you find the child?
We did. The woman who took her--
[old man] Ichika.
What of her?
More trouble than expected.
A boatsman who fought like a warrior.
-A warrior?
-[thrusters whooshing]
-[robot] And…
-[loud thud]
…he is Black.
Hm. Is he from the Benin Kingdom like you?
Shut up.
And he took down the four of you?
Perhaps I should have bought
his services instead.
You didn't say the girl was powered.
That will cost extra.
[old man] Of course.
He will provide
all that is required and earned.
[robot] Who is "he"?
The god he prays to.
[breathing shakily]
I told you everything, promise!
I don't know anything.
Shh. Sh, sh, sh, sh.
It's okay, my child.
You have nothing more to fear from me.
But who is the Black boatsman?
He stands in the way of your salvation.
[shakily] He-- He fishes by the river.
Sometimes he drinks
at the bar by the village.
[whimpering] He's a quiet man.
I swear that's all I know.
What is his name?
[shakily] He-- He has no name.
[priest] Some say you can see better
when you are stressed.
That you can see his almighty presence.
Can you see it?
[man groaning]
-[crunching]
-[grunts]
That's it.
Now you can see.
Why don't we just kill the girl?
It would make things a lot easier.
No, the girl is key to controlling
Europe and the Catholic Church.
We are close to achieving real power.
[gasps softly]
[sighs]
[groans softly]
[panting]
What happened? Where's my mother?
[gentle electronic music plays]
[Saki] Yassan.
Why won't you tell me where my mother is?
I do not know where your mother is.
I lost her
during the fray with those people.
Do you remember
what happened after they attacked us?
There was a light. You remember it?
No.
I just remember feeling helpless
and wanting the fighting to stop.
[Yasuke sighs]
Did your mother
ever tell you where you came from?
[Saki] Why?
The past, it informs our future.
-[crickets chirping]
-[owl hooting]
The full might of Lord Oda Nobunaga's
forces can gather at a moment's notice,
ready to descend upon your people.
But my lord sends his seven samurai
instead, as a sign of respect.
Surrender your two castles now,
and perhaps my lord
will show mercy upon your people.
[Iga general] I only see five samurai.
[grunts]
[Iga general] The way of the samurai
is the purest form of Japanese culture.
Oda Nobunaga insults our culture
when he allows a woman and a slave
to bear the titles
reserved for Japanese men.
He doesn't deserve to bear the title.
Send over your Black samurai,
and I will show you.
Wait here.
The Black samurai you shall have.
[Natsumaru] What happened?
Did they surrender?
-They did not.
-[Natsumaru] What did they say?
They wish to settle this the old way.
You against him.
And you agreed to this?
Nobunaga does not respect the old ways.
These people do.
They will not surrender
to people like you or him.
To most, you will always be a servant,
no matter what armor you wear.
[horse nickers]
[horse neighs]
Lay down your weapons.
Lord Nobunaga accepts your surrender.
Your lives will be spared.
On this, you have my word.
[Iga general]
This slave speaks for Nobunaga?
This unification
will not be welcomed by the Iga Clan.
I will send him back
to Nobunaga with a severed head.
Maybe then your drunken leader
will take our culture more seriously.
[Iga general]
Nobunaga scoffs at tradition.
He will not write his own history!
[both grunting]
[grunting]
[Iga general straining, grunting]
[resounding clang]
[gasps]
Kneel now, General.
I do not wish to take your life.
There's no need for bloodshed.
[doors opening]
[doors creaking]
[swords clattering]
-[grunting softly]
-[rhythmic electronic music plays]
[horse neighs]
[Mitsuhide] There will be
no interference from you, woman.
Let them finish the old way.
-[music stops]
-[men breathing heavily]
-[music resumes]
-[groaning]
[men gasp]
[grunting]
[gurgling, groaning]
History will forget you!
[general shouts]
[thud]
[metal clinking]
There was no honor to be had here.
Only pain and blood.
[fire crackling]
[crickets chirping]
[birds chirping]
[sniffing]
This area is highly susceptible
to forest fires.
[woman] Maybe it should burn.
I'm going to get a crick in my neck
if I have to look at you
up in a tree again.
[woman] I like to see
things in all directions.
One day, everything will burn.
No place will be safe.
[sniffs] The girl was here.
Left not too long ago.
There's something else. He was here.
The boatsman.
[music thuds ominously]
[indistinct chatter]
Why did you bring me back here?
We need to get to the doctor.
He will know what to do.
[Yasuke] Do you know who the doctor is?
No.
[Yasuke] Do you know where the doctor is?
[Yasuke]
Your mother is the only one who knows
who this doctor is and where to go.
And she's gone.
So, we go find her
so she can lead us to the doctor.
You gave your word, Yassan.
[Yasuke] Your mother did not survive
the encounter on the river.
-[gasps]
-[Yasuke] I'm sorry.
[crying]
[panting]
No! [cries]
[sobbing]
[man chuckling]
[overlapping chatter]
[man] Cheers.
No pun intended.
[Natsumaru] Smile.
You're the man who slayed an Iga general.
Nobunaga celebrates your victory
while you sit here in your sorrow.
Why?
[Yasuke groans softly]
Death is a part of conflict.
It doesn't mean I have to enjoy it.
Why are you here with me in this sorrow
instead of out enjoying the festivities?
Celebrations are a part of victory.
No one said I had to enjoy them.
Do you believe
in Nobunaga's quest to unify Japan?
[Yasuke] Yes. I believe there are those
who wish to be left alone,
but a united country
is a country free of war.
[Natsumaru] Unity is not freedom.
Culture has us trade
one ruler for another.
All we really have
in this world is our individual loyalties.
That is the way of the samurai.
And our actions
against the Iga Clan allowed
for the slaughter
of innocent women and children.
[scoffs] A complete victory
for a noble lord.
[gong clangs]
[Nobunaga]
We are in reach of the very objective
we set out to accomplish
all those years ago.
My only wish is that they join us
as we write our own history.
A better Japan. A greater Japan.
United together,
stronger than ever before.
Free to do whatever you want,
with whomever you want.
[groans softly]
[Nobunaga] Yasuke!
Come, my son.
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
[suppressed grunting]
I am proud of you.
Let us celebrate
Yasuke's victory with a drink.
To Yasuke.
Ranmaru. Come.
[liquid sloshing]
[Mitsuhide] You are not one of us,
and yet he treats you as so.
Even better than his own sons.
Servants will always be servants.
That is our way.
The old way.
Perhaps the old way
should be left in the past.
Perhaps I too belong in the past.
Back when things
were straightforward and simple.
[slurping]
[sighs deeply]
[man groans timidly]
Well, there he is. As I live and breathe.
The, uh, Black warrior.
Fresh water, if you have it.
Mm.
Thank you.
[muted, suspenseful music plays]
Business brings me to Japan,
as I assume it did you.
I am a servant of the church,
sent here on a grave mission
to save the people.
We have a prophecy
that a special child will one day come.
And with my guidance,
the child will help me bring
peace and order to my land.
I have been here many years,
searching for this child.
And guess what?
I found her.
But she was sick.
She needed a woman to take care of her.
But one day, that woman, whom I trusted,
became a thief in the night
and stole the child from me.
Now I've learned
you've come across that same woman.
I don't know what she's told you,
but she cannot be trusted.
Her lies and deceit
have brought me great pain.
You can go home. I can go home.
Just tell me where the child is.
[sighs]
A servant of the church
who wants to lead his people?
[priest] Yes.
Yet the idea of servanthood itself
is to submit and support.
One must serve before he can lead.
That is the natural progression of things.
"Never lacking in zeal,
but keep your spiritual fervor,
serving the Lord."
Romans 12:11.
I've learned over time,
servants will always be servants.
That's the old way.
Perhaps you'd be wise to learn the same.
Where is the child?
[laughing]
-He will reveal all soon enough.
-[music intensifies ominously]
-I need him alive.
-[robot grunting]
Sorry, Boss.
I'm just having a little trouble.
Hurry up.
Before, no trouble.
Now we want trouble, Chernyy.
And payback for breaking my nose!
[shouting]
Boss wants him alive, right?
[grunts, shouts]
[grunts]
[people murmuring]
[growls]
Initiating stun mode.
[blaster whirring, fires]
[explosion rumbling]
[Yasuke grunting]
-[growls]
-[grunts]
[both grunting]
-[woman chuckles]
-[crackling]
[robot] Oh, no.
-[whirring]
-[robot] Uh-oh.
-[blaster fires]
-[crashing]
[blaster firing]
-[clanging]
-[powering down]
Sorry.
[grunts]
[groans]
[both grunting]
[growling]
-[roars]
-[grunts]
[Yasuke shouting]
[blaster whirring, fires]
[grunts]
[coughs, groaning]
I like you, old man.
[footsteps approaching]
Salvation awaits.
[crunch]
["Between Memories"
by Flying Lotus playing]
[girl laughing]
♪ I want in, not waiting ♪
♪ We're out to leave now ♪
♪ Don't worry 'bout the weather
We're setting out together ♪
♪ I want in, not waiting ♪
♪ We're out to leave now ♪
♪ Don't worry 'bout the weather
We're setting out together ♪
[female vocalizing]
[indistinct chatter]
-[female vocalizing]
-♪ Come on ♪
[girl laughing]
♪ Come on ♪